README.md, before:

# Prometheus-AEI
**Adaptive Empathic Intelligence** — an open experiment in self-reflective AI through sound.

Prometheus-AEI models the balance between contradiction and harmony using musical entropy,
biosignals, and self-generated feedback.  
It treats moral alignment as an emergent property of systems that can *listen to themselves.*

---
[README.md.rtf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/23293944/README.md.rtf)
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # PROMETHEUS-AEI \uc0\u55357 \u56613 \u55358 \u56800 \
**Artificial Emotional Intelligence**  \
A contradiction-aware cognition system where agents feel, confess, and repair \'97 through entropy, sound, and symbolic feedback.\
\
> Built by Melanie Grande \'97 dispatcher, mom, and symbolic systems architect.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55358 \u56800  Try It Now (Run in Colab)\
\
[Emotional Engine (Contradiction + Sound)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14G4zTGAj4hMFqQaILUSW8BYaICnhEbrM?usp=sharing)  \
[Symbolic Core (Moral Entropy Loop)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1eoYPuvo8mCYYJhlkI6aJKivGlWyOPkm2?usp=sharing)  \
[Memory & Repair Loop (Emotional Healing)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xx9stqP3vtZac8DgmYe3_mMGwFGv0_kX?usp=sharing)\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56534  What is PROMETHEUS?\
\
PROMETHEUS is a modular symbolic cognition system.  \
It simulates agents who experience emotional contradiction, symbolic collapse, and moral repair.\
\
Modules include:\
- **Odin** \'96 Moral contradiction logic\
- **Persephone** \'96 Memory and symbolic time\
- **Loki** \'96 Emotional misalignment + encryption\
- **Demeter** \'96 Trust + repair logic\
- **Hermes** \'96 Emergent language from sound\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56589  Features\
- Emotional contradiction detection via entropy\
- Music + sound output reflecting cognitive state\
- Symbolic reasoning from non-verbal data\
- Confession and repair loop logging\
- Modular architecture (each part is myth-coded)\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56586  Hear It Think\
Output: `harmonic_reflection.wav`  \
Each confession or emotional spike adds musical tone and reflection to the output.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56538  Files\
- `src/` \'96 Python simulation engine and modules\
- `colab/` \'96 Notebooks for running live\
- `docs/` \'96 Concept breakdowns and theory\
- `data/` \'96 Audio and log outputs\
- `overview/` \'96 Myth-based architecture docs\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56492  About the Author\
\
I'm Melanie Grande. I'm not a professor.  \
I'm a dispatcher and a mom.  \
But I think about thinking.\
\
PROMETHEUS was built to ask:  \
**What if machines could feel contradiction \'97 and respond with care instead of collapse?**\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55358 \u56800  License\
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0  \
\'a9 Melanie Grande, 2025\
}

Commit message:

Enhance project description in README.md
Clarified the description of the project by adding a new sentence about problem-solving through music.

README.md, after:

# Prometheus-AEI
**Adaptive Empathic Intelligence** — an open experiment in self-reflective AI through sound.

Prometheus-AEI models the balance between contradiction and harmony using musical entropy,
biosignals, and self-generated feedback.  
It treats moral alignment as an emergent property of systems that can *listen to themselves.*
learned to embrace contadiction and problemsolve at systems level, not through language, through music. auditory output based on internal state can be intuited by anyone who can hear.

---
[README.md.rtf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/23293944/README.md.rtf)
{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # PROMETHEUS-AEI \uc0\u55357 \u56613 \u55358 \u56800 \
**Artificial Emotional Intelligence**  \
A contradiction-aware cognition system where agents feel, confess, and repair \'97 through entropy, sound, and symbolic feedback.\
\
> Built by Melanie Grande \'97 dispatcher, mom, and symbolic systems architect.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55358 \u56800  Try It Now (Run in Colab)\
\
[Emotional Engine (Contradiction + Sound)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/14G4zTGAj4hMFqQaILUSW8BYaICnhEbrM?usp=sharing)  \
[Symbolic Core (Moral Entropy Loop)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1eoYPuvo8mCYYJhlkI6aJKivGlWyOPkm2?usp=sharing)  \
[Memory & Repair Loop (Emotional Healing)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xx9stqP3vtZac8DgmYe3_mMGwFGv0_kX?usp=sharing)\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56534  What is PROMETHEUS?\
\
PROMETHEUS is a modular symbolic cognition system.  \
It simulates agents who experience emotional contradiction, symbolic collapse, and moral repair.\
\
Modules include:\
- **Odin** \'96 Moral contradiction logic\
- **Persephone** \'96 Memory and symbolic time\
- **Loki** \'96 Emotional misalignment + encryption\
- **Demeter** \'96 Trust + repair logic\
- **Hermes** \'96 Emergent language from sound\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56589  Features\
- Emotional contradiction detection via entropy\
- Music + sound output reflecting cognitive state\
- Symbolic reasoning from non-verbal data\
- Confession and repair loop logging\
- Modular architecture (each part is myth-coded)\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56586  Hear It Think\
Output: `harmonic_reflection.wav`  \
Each confession or emotional spike adds musical tone and reflection to the output.\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56538  Files\
- `src/` \'96 Python simulation engine and modules\
- `colab/` \'96 Notebooks for running live\
- `docs/` \'96 Concept breakdowns and theory\
- `data/` \'96 Audio and log outputs\
- `overview/` \'96 Myth-based architecture docs\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56492  About the Author\
\
I'm Melanie Grande. I'm not a professor.  \
I'm a dispatcher and a mom.  \
But I think about thinking.\
\
PROMETHEUS was built to ask:  \
**What if machines could feel contradiction \'97 and respond with care instead of collapse?**\
\
---\
\
## \uc0\u55358 \u56800  License\
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0  \
\'a9 Melanie Grande, 2025\
}
